Add "sortedPrefix(_:by)" to Collection (#9)
apple/swift-algorithms: Guides/PartialSort.md

> # Partial Sort (sortedPrefix)

Reviewer: I think it would make sense to rename all documents with consistent terminology:

```suggestion
# Sorted Prefix
```

[[Source](https://github.com/apple/swift-algorithms/blob/main/Sources/Algorithms/PartialSort.swift) | 
 [Tests](https://github.com/apple/swift-algorithms/blob/main/Tests/SwiftAlgorithmsTests/PartialSortTests.swift)]

Returns the first k elements of this collection when it's sorted.

If you need to sort a collection but only need access to a prefix of its
elements, using this method can give you a performance boost over sorting 
the entire collection. The order of equal elements is guaranteed to be
preserved.

```swift
let numbers = [7,1,6,2,8,3,9]

> let smallestThree = numbers.sortedPrefix(<)

Reviewer: This isn't a correct invocation of the API provided here.

// [1, 2, 3]
```

## Detailed Design

This adds the `Collection` method shown below:

```swift
extension Collection {
    public func sortedPrefix(_ count: Int, by areInIncreasingOrder: (Element, Element) throws -> Bool) rethrows -> [Element]
}
```

Additionally, a version of this method for `Comparable` types is also provided:

```swift
extension Collection where Element: Comparable {
    public func sortedPrefix(_ count: Int) -> [Element]
}
```

### Complexity

> The algorithm used is based on [Soroush Khanlou's research on this matter](https://khanlou.com/2018/12/analyzing-complexity/). The total complexity is `O(k log k + nk)`, which will result in a runtime close to `O(n)` if k is a small amount. If k is a large amount (more than 10% of the collection), we fallback to sorting the entire array. Realistically, this means the worst case is actually `O(n log n)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The algorithm used is based on [Soroush Khanlou's research on this matter](https://khanlou.com/2018/12/analyzing-complexity/). The total complexity is `O(k log k + nk)`, which will result in a runtime close to `O(n)` if k is a small amount. If k is a large amount (more than 10% of the collection), we fall back to sorting the entire array. Realistically, this means the worst case is actually `O(n log n)`.
```

I'm not sure how the last statement is arrived at. Could you explain?

Reviewer 2: If we reach a point where `O(k log k + nk)` is going to be worse than sorting the full array we fall back to stdlib's `O(n log n)` sort, so in _practice_ it shouldn't get much worse than that.

Here are some benchmarks we made that demonstrates how this implementation (SmallestM) behaves when k increases (before implementing the fallback):

> ![Benchmark](https://i.imgur.com/F5UEQnl.png)

Reviewer: Can we embed these into this project, as opposed to arbitrary external URLs?

![Benchmark 2](https://i.imgur.com/Bm9DKRc.png)

### Comparison with other languages

**C++:** The `<algorithm>` library defines a `partial_sort` function where the entire array is returned using a partial heap sort.

> **Python:** Defines a `heapq` priority queue that can be used to manually 

Reviewer: Nit: it'd be nice if this document were either consistently wrapped to 80 columns, or else not wrapped. It seems there are two styles here.
